So congratulations, you've made it past the beginner level of this course and you've now graduated
to the intermediate level of this course.
And I'm really excited about this, because now we're going to be moving from our basic editing techniques
where we've been working to build the foundation of our understanding to now techniques and projects
at an intermediate level.
So some of the key techniques from this section are going to be an updated and more complex level of
workflow, pulling selects, creating our rough edit, adding a more complex level of music, using
new techniques to create an updated and more refined secondary edit.
And then we're going to learn how to use montage in a brand new way to create special moments in our
videos.
And finally, we're going to take our video refinement on the visual and audio level to a brand new
standard.
So get your editing software ready.
Grab some coffee and I will see you in the next lecture.